chore: set `useElasticTraceparentHeader`'s default value to `false` (#3555)
elastic/apm-agent-nodejs: docs/upgrade-to-v4.asciidoc

HTTP headers and also request cookies is controlled by the existing config
option <<sanitize-field-names, `sanitizeFieldNames`>>.

===== `useElasticTraceparentHeader`

> The default value of `useElasticTraceparentHeader` config option has changed
> to `false` since the standard `traceparent` header is added in outgoing
> HTTP requests. If you want the agent to continue sending `elastic-apm-traceparent`
> HTTP header you can set to `true` via env var or start options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the <<use-elastic-traceparent-header>> config option has changed
to `false`. This means that the vendor-specific `elastic-apm-traceparent` header will no
longer by added to outgoing HTTP requests. The `traceparent` header (from the 
https://w3c.github.io/trace-context/[W3C trace-context standard]) is added by the
APM agent. If you want the agent to continue sending `elastic-apm-traceparent`
HTTP header you can set it to `true` via env var or start options.
```
